# Project 0

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript


This project is a personal webpage about myself. Here you'll find some facts about things I enjoy the most.
* index.html
    >It is the home page, which contains a menu-bar to navigate to the other pages: run.html, read.html, and lang.html. In each of these pages you'll find a 'HOME' button which will relocate you to the home page.
    >Bootstrap components 'row' and 'col' are displayed.
* run.html
    >It is about running competitions I've been on.
    >A table is displayed there.
* read.html
    >Some books I've been recently read.
    >An Unordered list is displayed.
* lang.html
    >The languages I aim to speak fluently.
    >An Ordered list is displayed, also some interesting WordCloud Images.


____________________________________________
# Project organization
## At the very beggining:
    >README:md
    >HTML files
    >assets/
    >src/
    >style/
## assets/
    > Its content is kinda not so related to the essence of the project since it is just to assistance and generate some special images used as resources in 'lang.html'
        - wordCloudGenerator.py - this script takes a .txt file and generates a wordcloud image. The text can be in either language: Spanish, English, French, or Lithuanian, there are just a few lines you need to change (see comments on code).
        - All the .txt files are the source files to run 'wordCloudGenerator.py', also you can use your own .txt file. 
        P.S The grammar in these .txt files mightn't be quite right, my apologies, but please just focus on vocabulary.
## src/ 
    > Images used as resources for the .html files are stored in this folder.
## style/
    Just some CSS. There is a file for general style and a folder for special styles to its belonged .html file.
    >style_genera.css: for general project styles, it is generated by a 'sass file'
    >index_css: index.html styles, generated by a a 'sass file'
    >run_css: run.html styles
    >read_css: read.html styles -This is empty at the moment-
    >lang_css: lang.html styles
__________________________________
# Requirements
* The website contain at leat 4 different .html pages, you can navigate to any page on the website by following one or more hyperlinks
    > index.html
    > run.html
    > read.html
    > lang.html
* HTML component 
    * It includes at least one list
    > read.html
    > lang.html
    * at least one table
    > run.html
    * at leat one image
    > index.html
    > lang.html
* At leat one stylesheet file
    > style/
* The stylesheet must use at least five differenct CSS properties, at leas five different types of CSS selectors. Use the #id selector and .class selector at least once.
    > style_general.css
* The stylesheet must include at least one mobile-responsive @media query
    > style_general.css
* Use Bootstrap 4
    * At leat one Bootstrap component
    > index.html
    * Bootstrap's grid model
    > index.html
* SCSS
    * At leat one SCSS variable
    > style_general.scss
    > style1.css
    * At leat one example of nesting
    > sytle_genera.scss
    > style1.scss
    * At leat one use of SCSS inheritance
    > style1.scss
